today in digital sing when I had
let's talk about dj phantom 2
Hello such salt josé luís do not know if
digital tv 'and this time again
we are out of the studio because we are going to
talk about a quadrocopters
probably many of you already
you know is the dj phantom 2
what is the dj phantom 2 basically is
this control box that we have here is
a very remote helicopter
small that has capacity to be able
transport a go prof
in this case we have a goal pro black
which is with which the recording is made
and this this coconut picture has been
revolutionary in the sense that by
first time for a relatively price
low you can achieve aerial shots
We have already spoken on other occasions and
we have shown teams obviously a lot
more sophisticated like how the cars
cuppers that we show already in some
occasion and obviously also more teams
sturdy but a team of its costs
many thousands of dollars we are talking
in most cases above 10
15 thousand and obviously that also implies
that the acquisition cost is for a
very high side and the cost of rent
It is also very high because they are more or
minus 10 between 10 and 15 thousand dollars
stable cupper more obviously cameras
remote controls etc. and so on
because to her the equation changes from
way so radical then
and a quadrocopter of this type we
lets enter the world of aerial video
with an entry price much much
minor for projects where
obviously there is no budget to
hire a professional quadrocopters
of these huge ones that can charge the
better up to a network or an efe 55 once
and 700 about 300 etc. what are the
characteristics of this cupboard picture is
a quadrocopter that is designed from
a very different way to other stable
Personally, this is the
second that we bought the first
quadrocopters that we bought
did not have all the technology and the first
day we use it, we try to fly it
we raise without any problem and in the
moment in which we try to descend
what crashed we tried again
do it and it turns out that I was
completely unbalanced this and and
there were many problems and in the third
flight was totally destroyed with this no
that happens because he has a system
completely digitized a system
that interacts with gps to fix the
position of the coastal chart in the air and
obviously it gives us some stability and
position based on this from the gps the
basic unit comes with a very support
simple to be able to mount our gogh
but nevertheless there is a series of
good accessories we went
adding to the phantom like a kettledrum
motorized a timbal that allows us
and give stability to the camera because
obviously the quadrocopters vibrate and in
when you are trying
stabilize you can go a little bit to
side etcetera then if we do not have a
timbal that is what happens in the
moment in which the quadrocopters
stabilizes and inclines us
image is going to tilt us while
with the jimbal the jimbal is compensating
that movement and it's a kettledrum
specifically designed for this
coastal block and obviously also
specifically designed for one to
a something of its own then it even has
the same entry to connect the
go pro directly already comes
perfectly balanced etcetera and that
obviously simplifies much we all
process and it gives us much greater fluidity in
you take another of the equipment
additional we add is a
equipment to be able to lower the signal of the
block cupper to a monitor in this case
what we have here is the control
remote this is the remote control
phantom 2 standard and we buy by
another side this support and this monitor is
a 7-inch monitor that has a
integrated receiver transmission for
to be able to receive the signal that the phantom
is sending the equipment that we assemble in
the phantom is also from dj
is a signal transmitter that is
connected directly through the inba
to the pro lake so that we can
see on the screen exactly what is it
who is watching our hit and that
way we can frame
our takes and obviously achieve a
result of better quality another of the
things that we add is a module of
telemetry that is called goodbye dj or a
thing like that is a little box that
it also mounts and that what it does is
sends us through the module
lowering of signal sends us all the
information regarding the position
the height at which we are flying the
gps signal etc. to be able to have
all the information directly in
our remote control
the operation of the coconut box is
relatively simple has no greater
complexity once we understand that
we understand everything we have to do
however obviously something that is fine
very important that we have to remember
is that this is not a toy is a
tool that if what if not the
work properly can
turn into a danger and obviously
it represents a lot of risk
we have we have now in about
days a production and in fact that's why
we take out the quadrocopter and
we are doing tests with him and everything
this because we are going to use it in this
production however we always have
that take into account the safety of
people who are going to be in this production
then we have to take a series of
measures because although it is small it is
compact and is small the propellers
they turn at the best to ten thousand revolutions
if this rubs on someone at the best of
the scenarios causes a cut
but you can seriously hurt another
of things is that obviously if we are
falls in mid-flight and falls on his head
to someone, even if it weighs a couple
of kilos a couple of kilos to 30 meters of
height above someone's head can
present and represent a risk
then you have to take certain measures
of prevention to not have any
problem and not suffer any accidents nor
put at risk the integrity of our
client of our talent and so on
then, as I was saying, you have to
be very careful there is that you have to
observe precautions because in the end
of the day
the equipment although it is very good and everything
this has limitations and if we do not
we follow the proper processes we
can cause problems and for
consequently, it may cause us
risk we can drop the equipment
obviously the equipment can be damaged
etcetera in a later video
we will talk about the measures of
caution to be taken with
With respect to
to the phantom because there are many stories
of terror of people who suddenly are
flying in the stable butler and the
quadrocopters are going and they do not have
way to control it this from
Suddenly they run on battery
air is to say a series of questions of
type of security that we will talk about in a
later video but nevertheless
definitely and with the care of vido
the fandom 2 of dj is an excellent
alternative if you have any questions
Any comments please visit the
page www points and digital dot tv and
We will do our best to answer
your doubts then I say goodbye my name is
jose luís thames and see you in the
next digital cinema dot tv
thank you